- Hey, everyone, Alec here with VEED.
And in this video,
I'm going to be showing you
how to add subtitles to a YouTube video.
So YouTube has recently updated
their upload process.
And now during the upload process,
you can add subtitles
while you're uploading your video.
Now, in this video, I'm going to walk you
through that step by step.
And we'll be adding our subtitles
to the YouTube video manually,
but after I've shown you this,
I'm gonna be showing you
how to automatically
generate a subtitle SRT file
so you can upload your subtitles
with your YouTube video at the same time,
in just a few clicks.
And with that being said,
let's get started.
So once we're on YouTube,
to add subtitles to our video
while we upload it,
we're just going to upload a video
as we would normally.
So here I'm just gonna click
on the create button right here.
And then we're just gonna
select Upload video.
Now we're taken to the
YouTube video upload page
and this is where I'm going to select
the YouTube video
I want to upload to YouTube.
So I click on Select Files
and then here
I'm just going to select
my YouTube videos.
As you see, I've got it here ready.
I click Open
and now it's being uploaded to YouTube.
So as you can see
our video is now being uploaded
and here we can fill out
all the information for our video
as if we would normally.
So when you upload a
video normally to YouTube,
you go ahead, you fill out the title,
you fill out the description.
You might add a thumbnail,
you might add some tags at the bottom.
Then once we click Next
to go to the next step
for the video elements,
here you'll notice that at the top,
we have this new section,
which is Add subtitles right next to it.
As you can see, New.
Now, there's always been the possibility
to add subtitles to a YouTube video,
but here YouTube implemented this section
directly within the upload process
because they know how
important subtitles are
and how important they're becoming
because video content
is dominating online.
And it even says just below,
Reach a broader audience
by adding subtitles to your video.
So even YouTube knows
that if you add subtitles to video,
you're going to get more reach
and more views.
Now to add the subtitles,
all we're going to do is click on Add
right next to add subtitles.
And now you might recognize this.
This is the YouTube subtitle editor.
Now here, as you can see,
we've got three options.
We can upload a file
that we've already created.
So this could be an SRT file.
However, we don't have one,
but stick around I'm going to show you
how to generate one of these
automatically for your video.
Then we can Auto-sync.
And this is basically,
if you have a full transcript
of your video script,
you can basically just copy and paste it
and then YouTube will auto sync it up
to match the words when you say them.
And then obviously
we've got Type manually.
And this is where you can
add subtitles in manually
by clicking in the time
and then typing out what I say.
So for an example,
if I just want to add a subtitle here,
I click on Type manually.
And then at the beginning,
let's listen to what I say.
"So I've got this video."
So my very first subtitle would be,
So I've got this video.
Perfect. Now, as you can see
for the timestamps for this subtitle,
we go from zero seconds to 1.29 seconds.
So if I play it back
and we pay attention here,
we can actually see the
subtitle in the box.
"So I've got this video
and I want to add subtitles to it."
So as you can see,
our subtitle is dragging a little bit,
because it disappears
after we've finished saying it.
So here we can either go
and adjust timestamp right here,
or we can go and just click and drag it
directly within the timeline.
And then I can click on Add caption
to add the next one.
So let's see what I say next.
"And I want to add subtitles to it."
Okay. Here I say,
So now I've got my first two subtitles.
And that's how you add subtitles
to your YouTube video.
You can understand
that it can be very time consuming.
Once you've finished adding
all of your subtitles,
all you want to do
is make sure you click Done
in the top right
and then YouTube will save your subtitles.
However, as you notice
this takes a lot of time,
so here's how to automatically generate
a subtitle file for your video.
So we're going to head over
to a website called veed.io.
You can either head over to Google
and google VEED, which is V-E-E-D.
If not, as usual link is gonna be
in the description down below.
Once you're on VEED,
if you don't already have an account,
you can create an account for free.
And if you do, we're just gonna click
on the Create New Project button.
Here we're taken to the upload screen
and we're just gonna
click on Upload a File.
Select our YouTube video, click Open.
And as you can see,
our YouTube video is now imported
into VEED's Video Editor.
So now if we take a look and press play.
"So I've got this video."
We have the exact same video.
And basically to automatically
generate subtitles
for my YouTube video,
all I have to do is
click on the Subtitle tab
in the left toolbar.
And here again, we've got three options
and this time one of the options
is Auto-Transcribe.
And as you can see here,
it says automatically add subtitles
to your video.
So if I click on this,
I then select the language
that I want to automatically transcribe
and turn into subtitles.
Here as you can see, I've got English.
And I'm just gonna stay with English.
Then I click on Start.
And as you can see,
this process may take a few seconds
to a few minutes,
depending on the length of your video
to automatically transcribe
your videos audio into text
and turn that text into subtitles.
So as you can see
VEED has just finished generating
the subtitles for our video.
And now the first thing you notice is
that our sentence.
"So I've got this video
and I want to add subtitles to it."
This is the exact video
that we typed out manually
within YouTube's studio.
So now if I press play and we take a look.
"So I've got this video
and I want to add subtitles to it.
Hey, everyone, my name is Alec.
And in this video, I'm
gonna be showing you
how to add subtitles to any video online.
And to get started."
So, as you can see,
we've automatically
generated the subtitles
for our video.
Now, if you want to change
and adjust a few things, for example,
in this automatically
generated transcript,
as you can see here, it says, Alex,
instead of Alec,
so I'm just gonna quickly correct that,
but this is a very common mistake,
even on the iPhone,
my name is always auto corrected to Alex,
but I always recommend
just quickly going through
and checking your subtitles.
But just from the first sentence,
we can see that it's
already pretty accurate.
And then to download it as an SRT file
so we can upload it to YouTube,
all we're going to do
is click on the Options tab right here.
And then here we have the
Download Subtitles section.
And we have multiple formats
which we can download our subtitles as.
And we're just going to select SRT Format
which is the subtitle format,
click on Download.
And as you can see here,
we now have our SRT file.
So I'm going to head over back to YouTube
and this time I'm just going to delete
the subtitles that I manually typed in.
And if we click on Add again,
here we're going to
click on Upload a file.
I'm going to choose With timing
because our subtitle file has timing.
I click Continue.
And then I'm just going to select
the SRT file
that we've just automatically
generated using VEED.
Click Open and now as you can see,
all of the subtitles
with the corrections that I made
have been imported into YouTube.
Now I can just click Done.
And that is how to upload subtitles
to a YouTube video
after YouTube's new upload process update.
If you have any questions
about adding subtitles to a YouTube video,
I would love to hear them
in the comment section down below.
And if you enjoyed this video
and you found it helpful
as always please hit the like button,
the subscribe button
and the notification bell.
Thanks for watching.